Dear Aditi,
	I am sorry I am writing so late. I am sorry I did not reply to your birthday wish. I was and still am emotionally shattered.
	I started questioning if you ever loved me and frankly im not sure still.

	This is a throwaway email so I wont be receiving replies. I know you are toxic for me. You cannot give me what I need.
	But I miss the good times we had. Really miss them. But I do not miss the times I was basically paralized with negative
	emotions over you.

	I think everyday what I did wrong. Maybe I took some decisions that I should not have for my own good.
	These lyrics reminded me of you:

	```
	I love you too much to drag this out any farther,
	I hate that we arent meant for each other.

	So close no one knowns me any better
	so far from our first days together
	staying up dust till dawn
	cant believe we are moving on.
	Cant believe we are moving on.
	```

	Its been the longest I havent talked to you. These words have been on my chest.

	I am going to Paris this december. I have been invited. I am learning French, but
	for some reason it seems empty whenever I think of you. But I have to move on. And think
	this as a last document recording my love for you. I really loved you. More than I have
	anybody, and it terribly pains me that I did not get that in return.
	
	I am not proofreading the email because I do not want to overthink. I am still afraid to go
	to Nandan or Patuli because the memories are too strong there. But I am slowly relearning.

	I really cannot convince myself that you loved me, I really cannot. I am very very sorry
	for saying that, but I will not lie to you.

	I love you too much to drag this out any farther,
	I hate that we arent meant for each other.
	I think we are moving on.
	We are too young to have these many problems.
	Too old for all this drama.

	I hope you all the best Aditi. The one person I can say I truly loved with everything I had.
	I hope you know that.

Yours brave-new-worlding,
Tathagata.

PS - Hope you keep Totoro safe, my Mei.	